Update README.md (#98)
Wolox/react-bootstrap: README.md

./react-bootstrap/run.sh -l
```

## Bootstrap options

You can choose between two creation types: Clean and Customized

- ### Clean

> Create a clean project with the most used libraries of React

Reviewer: `Create a clean project using crate-react-app as baseline and with some small addition to its configuration`

> Create a clean project with the most used libraries of React

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a clean project using create-react-app as baseline and with some small additions to its configuration
```
Capi's comment has a typo in crate-react-app 👀

- ### Customized

> Choose your preferred libraries for your project and create a new React project with standards components, default screens, api services and common utils functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choose your preferred libraries for your project and create a new React project with standard components, default screens, api services and common utils functions.
```

> Choose your preferred libraries of your proyect and create a new react proyect with standarts components, default screens, api services and common utils functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choose your preferred libraries of your project and create a new react project with standard components, default screens, api services and common utils functions.
```

> Choose your preferred libraries of your proyect and create a new react proyect with standarts components, default screens, apis servicies and common utils functions.

Reviewer: `api services`

###### Components
- Checkbox
- InputLabel
- RadioGroup
- Routes
- SearchBar
- Spinner
- Suspense 
- TextArea

###### Screens
- Login
- Dashboard

## Bootstrap libraries

|||
|----|-----------|
|[react]()| v16.6.3

- ### Clean

|Name|Description|
|----|-----------|
|[eslint-config-wolox](https://github.com/Wolox/eslint-config-wolox)| Wolox eslint standard rules.

> |[eslint-config-wolox-react](https://github.com/Wolox/eslint-config-wolox-react)| Wolox eslint reactJs rules.

Reviewer: `React rules`

|[prettier]()| Code formatter.

> |[react-hot-loader](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-hot-loader)| Allow live reloaded without the loss of state

Reviewer: `Allow live reload without loss of state`

> |[postcss](https://www.npmjs.com/package/postcss)| Is a tool for transforming styles with JS plugins.

Reviewer: `Tool for transforming`

Author: `tool` with capital letter?

Reviewer: I mean delete "Is a", just leave `| Tool for transforming styles with JS plugins`

> |[enzyme](https://www.npmjs.com/package/enzyme)| Is a JavaScript testing utility for React that makes it easier to test your React Components' output.

Reviewer: `| JavaScript testing utility for React that makes it easier to test your React Components' output`

> |[enzyme](https://www.npmjs.com/package/enzyme)| Is a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to test your React Components' output

Reviewer: `JavaScript testing utility`

> |[react-test-renderer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-test-renderer)|  Provides an experimental React renderer that can be used to render React components to pure JavaScript objects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|[react-test-renderer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-test-renderer)| Provides an experimental React renderer that can be used to render React components to pure JavaScript objects
```

|[chalk](https://www.npmjs.com/package/chalk)| Terminal Styling
|[env-cmd](https://www.npmjs.com/package/env-cmd)| Node program for executing commands using an environment from an env file.
|[aws-deploy-script-fe](https://www.npmjs.com/package/aws-deploy-script-fe)| AWS script for deploying your frontend applications.
|[node-sass]()| Provides binding for Node.js to LibSass, the C version of the popular stylesheet preprocessor, Sass.

> |[react-dom]()| Serves as the entry point to the DOM and server renderers for React

Reviewer 2: Do we have links for these?

- Reinstall it: `npm install -g yo`

WARNING: Be careful when setting these variables to set them to the correct node version or you may completely break npm. If you accidentaly do break it, you must uninstall node and npm, reinstall them and start over. 

## About

> This repository is maintained by everyone at  [Wolox](https://wolox.co).

Reviewer: remove space before [Wolox]

> ![Wolox](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Wolox/press-kit/master/logos/logo_banner.png)

Reviewer: Let's add a copyright, copy the one in https://github.com/Wolox/redux-recompose
